target string: <s>Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more.
predict string: inez's aally pissed in the out to more.

target string: <s>Everything its title implies, a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line.
predict string:  is a implies, it good ofissue, film.. of the 1950 Housetowns room.

target string: <s>This odd, poetic road movie, spiked by jolts of pop music, pretty much takes place in Morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress, and to her inventive director, that the journey is such a mesmerizing one.
predict string:  is, but, trip is " with aolting of adrenaline music, is much sums place in a's hometown-presentable,. a it's a pretty to the film. who her the talent style, John's film is a a joyizing one.</s>

target string: <s>Co-writer/director Jonathan Parker's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like, hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short.
predict string: operauthor ofdirector of Dem is latest to make a film-themed film yet-realistic of flatfully short of

target string: <s>An amateurish, quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video.
predict string: nie historian, but-religiousprovised, career, to the, film,

target string: <s>``The Kid Stays in the Picture'' is a great story, terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat.
predict string: I film isays in the House'' is a film film about andally written and the author himself wrote it. also ish version is a better.

target string: <s>A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional, unlikable characters and hackneyed, threadbare comic setups.
predict string:  fewumpy, funnyunny andan of, the a redeemgravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, relief.

target string: <s>While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures, it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience.
predict string:  in is, loving filmodrama is be youiven,ies, theures, it is not from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.

target string: <s>Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous.
predict string: anted's Co. are the make aly successful,

target string: <s>A profoundly stupid affair, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility.
predict string:  few moving and, but culture the ownneyed, un-ited atmosphere with a cut and a of are the and all and

target string: <s>Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women, water, nature, and sexuality.
predict string: yth, the Red Moon, a film, entertaining film film about is the history relationship between the and science and and and and science.

target string: <s>It isn't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure!
predict string: 's't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a good. movie of --

target string: <s>It just doesn't have much else... especially in a moral sense.
predict string: 's so't work the to to and not the country sense.

target string: <s>Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering.
predict string:  who with the history will be the Gospeling a a amusingering and

target string: <s>Viewed as a comedy, a romance, a fairy tale, or a drama, there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture.
predict string:  the from a whole, it film, and thriller tale, and a tragic, it is a quite romantic about it film picture.

target string: <s>But the talented cast alone will keep you watching, as will the fight scenes.
predict string:  the real and of is not the entertained. and will the music against and

target string: <s>It's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be.
predict string: 's a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.

target string: <s>Thanks largely to Williams, all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film.
predict string:  to to the, the of films things in in in a minutes. and most is a a afterxplan, of time time

target string: <s>Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies, two-lane highways, and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent's days
predict string: ameronank was describes the essence'sies and the-story streets and and the parking of areate the's world of</s>'s

target string: <s>An important movie, a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values.
predict string: nie part is " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our lives and

target string: <s>Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger, more complicated story, one that never materializes.
predict string:  bad of a is-meaning film un over- is like a movieludeble to the much story more serious story. which that will endsizes.

target string: <s>A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind.
predict string:  few and detailed tale wellirably executed film of the young young and is has a to the hands.

target string: <s>The art direction is often exquisite, and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design, leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack.
predict string:  film of of a a and but the executionological animals is are often rendered. the and and and especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like soundtrack filmlanguage film.

target string: <s>... Jones, despite a definitely distinctive screen presence, just isn't able to muster for a movie that, its title notwithstanding, should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts.
predict string:  and is a his few more voice name, is doesn't the to make the the full.'s well a suggests, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be capture on the potential. potential qualities.

target string: <s>But what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script.
predict string:  the about really is that it's a lot, to'sates the entire.

target string: <s>Wedding feels a bit anachronistic.
predict string: ying bells like little likeemicronistic,

target string: <s>An action/thriller of the finest kind, evoking memories of Day of the Jackal, The French Connection, and Heat.
predict string: nie filmadriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal and the Great Revolution and and thehen

target string: <s>This picture is murder by numbers, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC's, despite a few whopping shootouts.
predict string:  is is from, the, and it a as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.

target string: <s>Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices, but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible.
predict string:  day is have the value and his eyes of his own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that obvious be away is the sense of he is possible.

target string: <s>Feels slight, as if it were an extended short, albeit one made by the smartest kids in class.
predict string: eling like, but if it's a after, story but a that for a author man in the.

target string: <s>The picture doesn't know it's a comedy.
predict string:  film is't look how, a movie of

target string: <s>A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done.
predict string:  few,, the talented of was have been to to lose. his has a power to the to be it much done.

target string: <s>Starts out mediocre, spirals downward, and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion.
predict string: . at with, butalling into, and endsunders into a ground of the barrel. a occasional un result.

target string: <s>The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap.
predict string:  film of thing that makes youeful, a whole name.

target string: <s>Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads.
predict string:  a and is a by the, and

target string: <s>Fans of the TV series will be disappointed, and everyone else will be slightly bored.
predict string:  of the film series " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.

target string: <s>It's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written, beautifully read and, finally, deeply humanizing.
predict string: 's a goodyscing, a you executed, well executed, well of, a moving..

target string: <s>Bray is completely at sea; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume, he has no clue about making a movie.
predict string: ennettden a un peace, he no to a few's to video to his mind. he's no idea what the a living.

target string: <s>It's not a particularly good film, but neither is it a monsterous one.
predict string: 's a a bad exciting story, but it is it a bad. one.

target string: <s>Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic.
predict string: 's the,, a successificance in the's a only-fi film of of aiplle-like..

target string: <s>Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more.
predict string: inez's aally pissed in the out to more.